# Debugging Cat Expense React App Interview

There are several bugs in this code. Your task is to find and fix them. You can use any tools you like to debug the code. You can also add comments to the code to explain your changes.

You can ask for a hint but your score will be deducted.

## Challenge 1
Run `yarn dev`, open http://localhost:5173/
Try to type `cat expense` in label
and you will see how the app is super slow and janky. 

Find the bug and fix it and explain why it was slow and janky.


Try to add cat expense
and you will see how the app is super slow and janky. 

Find the bug and fix it and explain why it was slow and janky.

## Challenge 2
Run `yarn dev`, open http://localhost:5173/

The counter logic seems to be wrong. It should plus 1 per 1 second. Fixed it.

When the cat expense dialog is open, you can see that the cat fact is fetched multiple times.

This behavior is not expected. Cat Fact should be fetched only once when opening the dialog.

Find the bug and fix it and explain why it happen.

## Challenge 3
Some TypeScript interfaces have been generated by `"openapi:cat": "openapi-typescript https://catfact.ninja/docs/api-docs.json -o src/types/cat-fact.ts"` in package.json.
In `src/types/cat-fact.ts`, you will see the generated types.
Go to `src/services/catService.ts`, and fix all `TOOO` type in this file without `any` type.

## Challenge 4
Checkout `tree` branch.

There is a tree component in `src/components/tree/tree.tsx`.
Implement a data structure for function `generateNxNTree` that **accepts N** to generate N x N depth for the tree view component `Tree`.

The tree view should look like this.

N (Depth) = 3

Cat 1
- Cat 1.1
- - Cat 1.1.1
- - Cat 1.1.2
- - Cat 1.1.3
- Cat 1.2
- - Cat 1.2.1
- - Cat 1.2.2
- - Cat 1.2.3
- Cat 1.3
- - Cat 1.3.1
- - Cat 1.3.2
- - Cat 1.3.3

Cat 2
- Cat 2.1
- - Cat 2.1.1
- - Cat 2.1.2
- - Cat 2.1.3
- Cat 2.2
- - Cat 2.2.1
- - Cat 2.2.2
- - Cat 2.2.3
- Cat 2.3
- - Cat 2.3.1
- - Cat 2.3.2
- - Cat 2.3.3

Cat 3
- Cat 3.1
- - Cat 3.1.1
- - Cat 3.1.2
- - Cat 3.1.3
- Cat 3.2
- - Cat 3.2.1
- - Cat 3.2.2
- - Cat 3.2.3
- Cat 3.3
- - Cat 3.3.1
- - Cat 3.3.2
- - Cat 3.3.3

Each node must be able to toggle open and close. The default state is open.

## Challenge 5
Checkout `typeahead` branch.

Run `yarn start:api` to start the API server.

Open another terminal.
Run `yarn dev`, open http://localhost:5173/

Try to search for cat breed `Birm` in Cat breed via typing.
You will see that the search is not working properly.
It returns a full list of breeds from `B` search query.
This is not expected. It should return only `Birman` breed.

In the real world, this can happen when the API server is slow or the network is slow.
Fix this issue

### Note: Don't change index.js
